abandoned_v2 firefight
abandoned_v2 occupy
blizzard_v3 firefight
blizzard_v3 infiltrate
blizzard_v3 occupy
crossroads_v5 firefight
crossroads_v5 infiltrate
crossroads_v5 occupy
deathtrap_v1 firefight
deathtrap_v1 infiltrate
deathtrap_v1 occupy
desertglory_v2 firefight
desertglory_v2 occupy
fishhook_v1 firefight
fishhook_v1 infiltrate
fishhook_v1 occupy
frostfire_v6 firefight
frostfire_v6 infiltrate
frostfire_v6 occupy
nightstalker_v2 firefight
nightstalker_v2 infiltrate
nightstalker_v2 occupy
requiem_v2 firefight
requiem_v2 infiltrate
requiem_v2 occupy
sandstorm firefight
sandstorm occupy
theruins firefight
theruins occupy
vigilance_v1 firefight
vigilance_v1 infiltrate
vigilance_v1 occupy

dust2_b4 occupy
estates_b4 firefight
estates_b4 occupy
//panama_canal_b2 firefight
panama_canal_b2 occupy
panama_canal_b2 push
showdown firefight
showdown occupy

buhriz push
contact push
district push
dry_canal push
embassy push
heights push
kandagal push
market push
panj push
peak push
revolt push
siege push
sinjar push
station push
tell push
verticality push